Good morning I'm leaving quickly because
I have an appointment with this beautiful lady
this I will cloud t-shirt off
South Korea
pants that I bought and how could this really be
yes last year according to me with that
yes i want it is the knife on the knees
super jew is really just one
place but it seems a pants and
below that I draw my primer potion
in a second from Allah he hit one
high tea in the restaurant of your dreams
let's go shopping in hipster myjour beach
and I secretly try to film at
number flip i got it at home
conversation with such you were so nice and
inspiring that i am sincere
per forget to vlog this as you
my flight will follow from the beginning
do you know that maybe
you that this simply never happened
amezing chose family this is really one
very cool vlog from her
try quietly
DJ Paul went one
attempt 2 so the set has a try
to film there
this would also do so and lab should
you definitely check it out
but in general maybe you know it
Such a yours maybe you can follow her too
imagine me very well if you like her
not know me find a cool and how
think then you should really get sunny
channel check because we are pretty good
on the same line of
just hear looking at things with
handle things
long white plush with banana pancakes
us
you have not seen what i have not
filmed but I was still 5 hours
get out of bed because head for again
london then i had to be
period trains that still exist today
not
I'm pretty broken, give it a tap
by it is now about an hour up
school
Friday before that's not really me planning
go try to finish some video
but the for now boys also just still
called good morning
it is now half past four
I went to lie I think at half past one
also thought sleep would take two hours
it is stress by the way that it will
beats really really tasty
slept
if apparently needed I am hungry too
you are just eating a baby sleeping eating
stroke click also did you just learned
in between but I'm going to cook now
I think I have kidney beans with rice and
then how to make it
did you know that fried stove or those
who
really much nicer than just yato
just eat what you do watch them be
much sphincter and on the inside
they are still a bit fluffy what
you do is cut the tofu into pieces
really dry well because of that
they will be crispy if you don't get it right
then they do not become so crispy
such a beautiful golden brown and now just one
little oil in the pan and frituristen
both sides
so so so so nice only downside is that
So your whole home under wraps
investigators
it and that the button quite a while
takes before you have done this and
So before you actually belongs to sleeve
lol i had francis last week
that actually everything is smarter
in more garlic
so I'm going to eat a lot of garlic edwin
normally I use two shifts
would be or would I do this
for your brain live I'm going to make this
for the curry I am going to make but now
just do the double
effect has a deer fruit for the
curry you add garlic cloves
so both just had the breakdown
garlic and tomato onions okay I have
here so the ropes and done in the
passata that I'm Coming up yet
add herbs and then gary is fine
I rinsed the kidney beans here
yet you are full of glory
what a little bit more nutmeg oh yeah
and tomato puree
is also here and stove is
meanwhile changed to one
war zone seeing of course never
a camera because I am doing well
this and this market always eat for me
10,000 times more delicious and tender but
then genet pepertje
despec only with curry so that i
not completely memnon burned
normally I also do it
the kidney beans but yes that will be me now
I just really think something too spicy I
only do this at the course
how do you think this should always be such a risk
is going to walk with this so okay
dinner is there I have a little myself
nicest rice cooked
i have here so you name them kidney beans
and the
you could order the curry every day i just got it
but just put it all together then it tastes
it is fine
round number 2 sorry this is really such
no photos your chain is
really tasty
your check i'm going to india and my
body thinks you know what i'm going to do
natural pin that also give sometime
just do it that way
or maybe so just bucket and how is
I'm going to throw it
I have a final decision
taken over the kilic and chip it dares
sincere to say now because i like it
namely really very beep beep beep beep
beep beep beep beep beep but I think
don't do it and the simple reason
that's why it doesn't feel right
I just have to get close to a feeling
I keep what's going on with Sonny today anke
Again about you don't know why it is
where just do what you feel
says despite being such a picture
perfect to do it
you know it seems so super fat to me
climb kilimanjaro i wear warsaw
it really gives you such a warm heart
from me anyway updates about what you
maybe speak and canada and can do that
you know maybe i speak one
candidates who do go the kilic alice
do as in yours does
please mail me here because I was your story
just tell it for now i just go
just wondering because it is currently
apparently not the right time for that
is me and i am sorry
terrible but the feeling of you
it really shouldn't do that dominate
so strong that I just don't
going to do
ppppppppp yes I am super
frustrated see you can i go
vlog and it
no no no I'm going to those festival outfits
Finish for you I'm just up to one
started a new book but I can do my own
eyes do not stop and I go it is
sleep well
yo for watching you don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you again tomorrow
goodnight